Add ReadMe to describe the transformer-tools (#2)
ballerina-platform/transformer-tools: README.md

# Ballerina-Transformer Tools

A transformer is a general purpose interface to apply a function to a set of data points. The output may contain data points generated by adding, removing or altering some. Ballerina-Transformer is also a such tool that provides the following capabilities.

> 1. Validate if a package is a transformer package
> 2. Generate the Ballerina service code for the transformer functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Validate if a given Ballerina package is a transformer package
2. Generate Ballerina service(s) to expose Ballerina transformer functions as REST APIs
```

## Validator and Generator
### Transformer Package Validator
Ballerina transformer tools can validate a Ballerina package if that comply with the constraints of a Ballerina transformer package. A Ballerina package to be treated as a transformer package it should comply for the below-mentioned constraints.
1. The package should not contain any entry-points _(ie: main function or services)_
2. The package should have one or more expression-bodied functions (transformer-function) with public and isolated qualifier.
3. The package can contain other functions which can be used at util functions (cannot be public).
4. The package can contain records
5. The package in not allowed to have class definitions or listener definitions
6. Expression bodied functions in the package is only allowed to have public qualifier
7. The package is not allowed to have annotations.
8. The public isolated expression bodied functions (transformer-functions) are allowed to have serializable types as parameter type and return type

> To activate the transformer-tools in a Ballerina package to validate the package, the tools has to be imported. Once, it is imported, when we build the Ballerina transformer package, it would validate against the constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of now, to activate the transformer tools on a Ballerina package, the tool required to be imported to the relevant package package as specified below. After that, when we build the Ballerina transformer package, it'll be validated against the aforementioned constraints.
```

```ballerina
import ballerinax/transformer as _;
```

### Ballerina Service Generator

> Once a Ballerina package is validated, the transformer-tools will generate a service where it would allow the transformer-functions to be utilized through http.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a Ballerina package is validated, the transformer tools will generate a service where it would allow the transformer functions to be consumed through REST APIs. The parameters of the transformer function has to be passed as a JSON payload.
```

The parameters of the transformer-function has to be passed as a JSON payload.

> The service for the Ballerina package would only get generated if there are no any validation errors, and the parameter types and return types of transformer function are serializable. Serializable Ballerina types can be found [here](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-http/blob/master/docs/spec/spec.md#2344-payload-parameter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The service for the Ballerina package would only get generated if there are no any validation errors, and the parameter types and return types of transformer function should be serializable and should be supported by the Ballerina HTTP module. The list of such Ballerina types can be found in [Ballerina HTTP module specification](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-http/blob/master/docs/spec/spec.md#2344-payload-parameter).
```

```

#### Response
```
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Date: Thu, 24 Feb 2011 12:36:30 GMT
Status: 201 Created
Connection: close
Content-Type: application/json
Location: /thing/1
Content-Length: 36

{"fullName": "Joe Root", "school": "Kingswood"}
```

For the transformer function above, it would create a Ballerina record to capture all parameters and that record would be passed as the Payload of the service's resource function.
```ballerina
type transformPayload record {
    Person person;
    string school;
};
```

## Build from the Source

### Set up the Prerequisites

1. OpenJDK 11 ([Adopt OpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/) or any other OpenJDK distribution)

   >**Info:** You can also use [Oracle JDK](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html). Set the JAVA_HOME environment variable to the pathname of the directory into which you installed JDK.

2. Export GitHub Personal access token with read package permissions as follows,
   ```
   export packageUser=<Username>
   export packagePAT=<Personal access token>
   ```

### Build the Source

Execute the commands below to build from the source.

1. To build the library:

>         ./gradlew clean build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
        ./gradlew clean build
```        
```

2. To run the integration tests:

        ./gradlew clean test

3. To build the module without the tests:

        ./gradlew clean build -x test

4. To publish to maven local:

        ./gradlew clean build publishToMavenLocal

## Contribute to Ballerina

As an open source project, Ballerina welcomes contributions from the community.

For more information, go to the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Code of conduct

All the contributors are encouraged to read the [Ballerina Code of Conduct](https://ballerina.io/code-of-conduct).

## Useful links

* For example demonstrations of the usage, go to [Ballerina By Examples](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/).

> * Chat live with us via our [Slack channel](https://ballerina.io/community/slack/).

Reviewer: Now we use discord. Lets update accordingly
